# User Personas

---

The business owner has identified two main types of users that the website will
aim to serve.

<!-- a persona -->

## User Persona 1: City Commuter Emma

### Bio

Emma is a 32-year-old urban professional living in Berchem. She relies on her
bike for daily commuting to work, and navigating through city. Emma is
passionate about sustainability and enjoys the eco-friendliness of cycling.

### Needs/Goals

Emma needs a bike that is in top condition to ensure a reliable and efficient
commute to work and other city destinations. So she is looking for a **bike
repair shop** that offers quick services to minimize waiting time.

### Frustrations

Emma is frustrated with bike shops that have long wait times for repairs,
impacting her daily commute. The absence of clear information and unreliable
service also causes frustration for Emma.

### Scenario 1

Emma discovers the bike repair shop website while searching for a reliable
repair service. Impressed by the clear pricing and variety of city bike
services, Emma can contact the shop online. The efficient service and
transparent communication makes Emma satisfied, encouraging her to return for
future maintenance needs.

---

## User Persona 2: Bike Enthusiast Eric

Eric is a 28-year-old bike lover who really enjoys racing and biking for fun. He
owns a race bike and loves joining races and group rides. Eric pays close
attention to how his bike performs and always looks for ways to improve it.

### Needs/Goals

Eric wants a bike repair shop that knows exactly how to take care of his bike.
He also want to customize his bike. Eric values mechanics who know their stuff
and can share insights about advanced bike parts and technology.

### Frustrations

Eric gets frustrated when repair shops don't offer services designed
specifically for race bikes. Eric worries when the quality of bike repairs isn't
consistent. He wants his bike to be in good hands every time.

### Scenario 1

Eric finds the bike repair shop's website that also specialize in race bikes.
Eric schedules a chat to talk about making custom changes to his wheels. The
shop's great service and personalize work making him trust them for all his
future bike upgrades and repairs.
